docs: split out `how to create custom dimensions` (#10190)
lightdash/lightdash: docs/docs/guides/how-to-create-custom-fields.mdx

## Custom dimensions

> Dimensions are used to group results in your query, or filter values from your results. Sometimes, a group or filter that you need hasn't been added to your project, so you need to create a grouping or filter on-the-fly. This is where custom dimensions come in.

Author: ```suggestion
Dimensions are used to group results in your query, or filter values from your results. 

Sometimes, a group or filter that you need hasn't been added to your project, so you can use a custom dimension to create a grouping or filter on-the-fly. 

These dimensions are not saved to the table permanently. They are only available in the saved chart or query that they were created in.
```

## Custom dimensions

Dimensions are used to group results in your query, or filter values from your results. 

Sometimes, a group or filter that you need hasn't been added to your project, so you can use a custom dimension to create a grouping or filter on-the-fly. 

These dimensions are not saved to the table permanently. They are only available in the saved chart or query that they were created in.

> Custom dimensions are helpful to use when you want to create a custom group or filter field to use in your query.

Author: ```suggestion
```
